Kostadis Roussos: Don't say anything, dude, don't say anything.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, you can say something now.
David Mendenhall: We're still using Zoom, huh?
Kostadis Roussos: I can't hear you.
David Mendenhall: It's all on you, man.
Kostadis Roussos: Can you say something?
David Mendenhall: I'm talking the whole…
Kostadis Roussos: I know I can't hear you.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, say something.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm.
David Mendenhall: Hey.
Kostadis Roussos: street.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, I now hear you.
David Mendenhall: No. No.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just remind folks, I don't know if there… there was a lot of confusion over whether we would meet.
David Mendenhall: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: It was… it was speculative.
Kostadis Roussos: Where are you, by the way, man?
David Mendenhall: I'm in Boston.
Kostadis Roussos: You're in Boston.
Kostadis Roussos: What you doing in Boston?
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
David Mendenhall: How am I ever doing? Business trip?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I mean, I know that, but, like, do you have a team there? Is it, like, a…
David Mendenhall: VP meeting.
David Mendenhall: Bane's here.
Kostadis Roussos: Really?
Kostadis Roussos: Are we gonna work on… I think so.
Kostadis Roussos: Who's Borgio Root? Was that Stefan?
Kostadis Roussos: Where's his name?
Wade: David!
David Mendenhall: That's me.
David Mendenhall: icon.
David Mendenhall: Tom?
Kostadis Roussos: I did not, I could not, you know, I sort of…
David Mendenhall: You should have looked at the avatar.
Kostadis Roussos: That's my fre- oh, dear God.
Kostadis Roussos: We are opposed to loot.
David Mendenhall: Loot.
Kostadis Roussos: That's what adventurers call it.
David Mendenhall: I'm an adventure, I'll call it that.
Wade: Some of them call it booty.
Kostadis Roussos: Just… That just sounds wrong.
Kostadis Roussos: This doesn't hurt.
David Mendenhall: Well, I stayed up late, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Not sure.
David Mendenhall: Hope we get one more person.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just Slack Stefan.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, me too.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, that's fine.
David Mendenhall: What are you wearing, Wade? A robe? A bathrobe?
Wade: I'm always in my robe when we're playing. I'm always in my jammies when we get started.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, he is, actually.
Wade: Yeah, this is… I'm always in my bathrobe and jabbing, it's like.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Wade: It's 9 o'clock! I'm at home! What do you want?
Kostadis Roussos: Some people made poor life choices.
Wade: Are you referring to me?
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Kostadis Roussos: Sir…
Wade: I'm not going out, you know.
David Mendenhall: Do you ever go out?
Wade: All the time! I was out at lunch again today with, friends. I actually had,
David Mendenhall: lunch, yeah. But in the evening. In the evening?
Wade: Not usually, no. I mean, sometimes, like… It's not too common.
Wade: I'm an old man.
David Mendenhall: You're younger than me!
Wade: Well, you're an older man.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you single?
Wade: Who.
David Mendenhall: No. Oh. He's not.
Wade: No, I'm a fanny bandit.
Kostadis Roussos: A what?
Wade: I'm a gay.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, yeah, I know that, but I didn't know if you were married.
Wade: I mean, we're domestically partnered, close.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, I didn't know if you were married, or single, or between relationships, or…
Wade: No, we're…
Kostadis Roussos: In a con… in a situationship.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, it's been quite a few years, right?
Wade: It's gonna be 20 years this year.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, that's.
Wade: Basically, next month.
David Mendenhall: Congratulations!
Wade: If it were a murder, I'd have been out by now.
David Mendenhall: There you go.
Kostadis Roussos: Does your partner know you use that expression, or…
Wade: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Hi, Etsy.
Wade: Believe me, if somebody could put up with me for 20 years, that would be one of the most tame things they'd have to deal with.
David Mendenhall: Yeah…
Kostadis Roussos: That's what I was about to say.
David Mendenhall: We're all very impressed with…
Kostadis Roussos: Which should be said in the thank you note?
David Mendenhall: No, I've never met him. All this time, we've known each other. Never met him, Wayne.
Wade: I've never met your wife.
Wade: Or any of your kids?
David Mendenhall: It's true.
Kostadis Roussos: True.
Wade: It's not that weird, is it? Like…
David Mendenhall: Well, I was annoyed that I…
Kostadis Roussos: Works myself to stay awake until midnight, and we're not playing.
Kostadis Roussos: I agree.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's give Stefan two more minutes.
Wade: I mean, I remember Gary was, like, on the fence. I don't even think he's… he committed at all.
David Mendenhall: Gary was like, yeah, he was a probably not.
Wade: Yeah.
Wade: It's Stefan, I mean, he's in France. What's his excuse?
Wade: How do we know him?
Wade: He's a coworker of mine. Oh, okay. And where are you at these days?
Kostadis Roussos: Nutanix.
Wade: Nutanix, or…
Kostadis Roussos: I have a… I have a… I have an interesting job these days.
Kostadis Roussos: I had that moment… you know that moment when you have a job and it's all going wonderfully until you have that one meeting when you realize it's just like every other fucking company you've ever worked at?
Wade: Yeah, for me, that was when, What's-His-Face got up and bad-mouthed most of the Roku employees. That was a pretty good day.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
Wade: Oh, it was.
Kostadis Roussos: No, we didn't have that. I did not have that. Okay, sorry. I think you and I have different definitions.
David Mendenhall: What's his name?
Wade: Oh, it was… it was one of the all-hands around, like, 2019 or 2020 or something like that. It was actually, like, a whole cavalcade of, like, Ilya and, .
Kostadis Roussos: I think you're.
Wade: paused for a while. They said great things, like, nobody in QA deserves promotions, and it's your career, own it or get the fuck out, that kind of stuff. It was, I mean, they didn't say it that crassly, but the undertone was strongly there.
Kostadis Roussos: Wow.
Wade: Yeah, it was… it was, it's kind of crushing.
David Mendenhall: Wade is grossly misrepresenting what happened.
Kostadis Roussos: So, so…
David Mendenhall: Sure, that's… that's his… that's his recollection.
Kostadis Roussos: So just to be fair, what matters when you deliver a message as a leader is not what the message is.
Wade: it's received.
Kostadis Roussos: That's how it's received.
Wade: Oh yeah, the Snark channels I was in all lit up. We were all talking shit about that presentation.
David Mendenhall: I was never invited to the Snark channels.
Wade: No, you were management.
Wade: What? It's… it's, you know…
David Mendenhall: Yup My, one of my employees today, I was… DMing him.
David Mendenhall: And I was like… Man, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: Wait, you've been direct messaging.
Wade: David Mendenhollingham, though.
David Mendenhall: Yes, direct messaging him.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm, like, going… not DMing, I'm, like, going, you're a DMing.
David Mendenhall: You know, our culture is not secrecy, but sometimes the open process just, like, kills ideas before they even get out of the gate. Like, we have to give engineers an opportunity to incubate a little bit, and he's like, oh yeah, I agree. We created a Slack channel without you, and we've been talking about this for days.
Wade: Hell yeah.
Wade: Yeah, the… the culture there.
David Mendenhall: Like…
David Mendenhall: Okay, well, if you're not gonna include me, I can't help, just FYI.
Wade: I think… I mean, I think definitely along… among a lot of rank and file, you know, back when I was still there, there was…
Wade: there was a lot of frustration. You know, I was in, like, 2 or 3 different Slack channels with different groups of, like, a half-dozen QA members, or hardware team, or whatever else, and they were… the all-hands were just… they were corporate bingo laughing and stuff like that, you know, it was…
Wade: People were just kind of tired of it all.
Kostadis Roussos: I need to make a mental note.
David Mendenhall: Well, you and all those people are all gone now.
Wade: Oh, yeah, no, we got the message. That's what that kind of thing is. It's a filter function put out by management, and that's what we heard, and we took it.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Well, this has been fun, boys.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on, we have to…
David Mendenhall: Gotta go to sleep.
Kostadis Roussos: Look, hold on, hold on. We can do your encounter.
Wade: Isn't… Oh, yeah.
David Mendenhall: one encounter.
Kostadis Roussos: the stolen treasure.
Kostadis Roussos: Sure. Since you're… since you're here, we might as well do the stolen treasure.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so…
David Mendenhall: There's nobody to entertain except Wade.
Wade: And, costadas.
Kostadis Roussos: And you? I'd like to think you'd be entertained.
Wade: He said me, he said me already.
David Mendenhall: I already know what's going to happen.
Wade: Here in the driver's seat.
Kostadis Roussos: I… oh, I'm worried that I don't know what's going to happen.
David Mendenhall: Hmph.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so…
David Mendenhall: What, is it, late at night?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, let me just… let me just find where… let me just put a… let me just put people where they should be.
Kostadis Roussos: So, are you, like, gonna be sneaking around like a thief, like a criminal?
David Mendenhall: I'm a thief? I'm a criminal?
Wade: hanging around!
Kostadis Roussos: I said sneaking around, I didn't say…
David Mendenhall: I will definitely be sneaking around. That does not make me a thief or a criminal.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, were we sleeping around somehow? I said… I said, how you might be sneaking around. I was not…
David Mendenhall: How might I be sneaking?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Kind of like, you know…
David Mendenhall: your grandpa who comes to visit you, and he's a nice guy, and he's a little weird, and you go to bed, and like, you go to the bathroom at 2AM, and he happens to be awake and going through some drawers.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Like that. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So… You know, guest house? Where's the guest house?
Wade: Yeah, where is the guest house? It's not labeled, is it?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no.
Kostadis Roussos: Here's the guest. So, you know… Corwin puts them there.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see, Dora, she's sleeping in the expensive guest house.
David Mendenhall: Oh, there's a guesthouse?
Kostadis Roussos: No, yes, but she's sleeping in the expensive one, because she didn't.
David Mendenhall: There is a guest house. Gatehouse, it says gatehouse.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, Gatehouse, Gatehouse.
David Mendenhall: Big difference between…
Wade: Yeah, it's like…
David Mendenhall: Gatehouse and gatehouse.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep, they've kind of small.
David Mendenhall: We're in the stable house.
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Kostadis Roussos: This is the main lodge.
Kostadis Roussos: There's, like,
Kostadis Roussos: I just need to find where the damn… there is a guest house, I just don't know where it is.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: There it is. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: You're in here.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, are you gonna wake up and take anybody with you, or are you just gonna…
Kostadis Roussos: You're gonna do this by yourself.
David Mendenhall: I don't appear to have any real allies.
Kostadis Roussos: in this area.
David Mendenhall: In this party.
Kostadis Roussos: I think… what's his name?
Wade: Rubbery likes you, doesn't he?
Kostadis Roussos: Burberry will do anything for you. He even, like, disarms.
David Mendenhall: Oh, we have… oh, right, blueberry.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh my god, what a self-absorbed artist.
Wade: The prima donna.
Kostadis Roussos: Nobody loves me.
David Mendenhall: Oh, okay.
David Mendenhall: Stahan's not here, that's why I didn't think of him. Blueberry is not very sneaky.
Kostadis Roussos: No. The Blueberry's approach to things will be to smash.
Kostadis Roussos: Although it could… it could be…
David Mendenhall: You know, he needs his 8 hours of rest. We want him to have all of his rages for tomorrow.
David Mendenhall: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, yeah, okay, what's your plan? It's the middle of the night, I presume Soma is sleeping in her shell.
Wade: Oh, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Valfinay is, bemused, and Blueberry is snoring.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You walk outside, it's, dark.
David Mendenhall: No, I'm not going out. Oh, sorry, where am I?
Kostadis Roussos: You're… oh, do not see yourselves on the map? Top left-hand corner. That's the guest house.
David Mendenhall: Top left.
David Mendenhall: Guest house? There is a guest house?
Wade: Oh, this unlabeled thing by the outhouse, okay, over here.
David Mendenhall: Oh, I see. Oh, North Yard. Oh, okay. Yeah, I'm heading for the dining room.
David Mendenhall: I'm going…
Wade: What's in the… what was in the dining room again?
Wade: Now we'll find out.
David Mendenhall: Okay, I went to the dining room.
Kostadis Roussos: He went to the dining room.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Proten in the dining room with the loot.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, alright. You know… so, you're in the dining room, so let's just go through the dining room.
Kostadis Roussos: The dining room.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: This is a…
Kostadis Roussos: A small second hall flower trophy gallery opens up above an oak dining table surrounded by tall back chairs on the main floor. Two iron chandeliers hang from the high rafters.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you bet.
Kostadis Roussos: So, kind of…
David Mendenhall: No occupants, correct?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, no occupancy.
David Mendenhall: I will head upstairs.
Kostadis Roussos: So, like, imagine, I just drew this… the square of where the…
David Mendenhall: I'm going to Upper Level of Main Lodge.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty… Okay, rolling.
David Mendenhall: not higher here.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, there, here, you're up there. All right.
Kostadis Roussos: This is… This is the second… well, this is the second floor.
Kostadis Roussos: So you've got the dining room over here.
David Mendenhall: And I will be walking along here, and along here, and along here…
Kostadis Roussos: Maybe take a look out the window…
David Mendenhall: And this window, and then there's a door.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, that opens up into what you know to be, his bedroom.
David Mendenhall: That's the idea, yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright… They're gonna go into his bedroom. You're basically walking into his bedroom. All right.
Kostadis Roussos: His bedroom is cozy and warm, but untidy.
David Mendenhall: Okay?
Kostadis Roussos: What would you… let me just see what else is in there inside.
Kostadis Roussos: You will see that… you do see a closet.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, another closet. Shelf.
Kostadis Roussos: That, shelf, what does it call it? A chest.
Kostadis Roussos: You do see a walk-in closet.
Kostadis Roussos: He's clearly somebody who's spent a lot of his time, you know, and things look, you know, like a bachelor pad.
David Mendenhall: So I'm looking for identifying information, so…
David Mendenhall: not… I'm not necessarily looking for treasurer or something like that, right? I'm trying to find…
David Mendenhall: something that he kept from the hoard, that has a name on it, that has some sort of provenance, a unique item that I could describe to someone else, and they'd say, oh, that was such and such.
David Mendenhall: Not trying to take anything.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you're just looking for something…
David Mendenhall: I'm looking for information.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, you look around and you notice that next to his bed stand, he has a small curio.
David Mendenhall: Perfect.
David Mendenhall: And I don't have, like, mage hand or anything like that, right? So I've got to go literally up to it.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, definitely.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you do.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
David Mendenhall: I do have Silence as a ritual spell.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, I could let you…
David Mendenhall: So maybe I should cast that on the room?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, that would be a good thing.
Kostadis Roussos: I would say that is a good idea.
Wade: I always forget that silence is like that in D&D.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Wade: that it, you know, it's a literal… I'm used to the Final Fantasy silence, or just no spells.
David Mendenhall: Oh, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: No, it's…
Wade: I forget that silence is actually, like, more useful.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you managed to cast Silence. It's…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so I'm going to just,
Kostadis Roussos: So it's a 20-foot radius, or a 20-foot sphere?
Wade: Let me put radius sphere.
David Mendenhall: 20-foot sphere.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's just drop, all right. Radius, or, no, 10-foot radius, that would be…
Wade: 20-foot radius, it's linked in the…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade: Yeah.
Wade: the places.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, so that's definitely gonna cover the room.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm assuming you're covering both rooms, so Sir Dark can't hear you as well.
David Mendenhall: Sure, might as well, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I'm just kind of like…
David Mendenhall: Even better.
David Mendenhall: Look at that.
Wade: Even the hallway is quiet.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so… You, I guess you, you walk up and pick up the curio.
David Mendenhall: and inspect it.
Kostadis Roussos: And inspect it.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see…
Kostadis Roussos: Night.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: It is a… hmm?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, it's a pair of wooden elven ears attached by a golden… by a copper chain… by a golden chain.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Wow, okay.
Wade: That's weird.
David Mendenhall: It's gonna be a tough one to place.
David Mendenhall: Can I run that through Google Lens?
Kostadis Roussos: You also find a delicate wooden square carved with a labyrinth maze.
David Mendenhall: Do I recognize the labyrinth in any way? Is it a famous labyrinth?
Kostadis Roussos: No, there did not, not…
David Mendenhall: No, no history checks I can make or anything like that, Arcana.
Kostadis Roussos: you could, and then I'd have to… I'd have to…
David Mendenhall: Can I make something up, if I roll well? Let's see.
Wade: Roll 20, roll 20!
David Mendenhall: 19…
Kostadis Roussos: Close enough.
David Mendenhall: Pretty good!
David Mendenhall: Better than I expected.
Kostadis Roussos: So indeed, you do find something… you do… you do recognize this, labyrinth maze as, from legend, from stories you've heard about the undercity of Waterdeep.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Okay, from Waterdeep. Yes. So, Elvin…
David Mendenhall: Elven ears… wooden elven ears, maybe from Waterdeep, perhaps.
Kostadis Roussos: Perhaps. Well, these are two different things.
David Mendenhall: These are two different things.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and then… you notice a drawer.
David Mendenhall: underneath, you know… That's tempting.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to… should you open the door?
David Mendenhall: Definitely.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, unfortunately, it's locked.
David Mendenhall: Well…
Kostadis Roussos: You have Thieves Tools.
David Mendenhall: No.
David Mendenhall: Not a thief.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm a bard.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you're going to have to break it, you're not going to be able to pick it.
David Mendenhall: Awesome.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, dude.
David Mendenhall: Hang on a second.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just…
David Mendenhall: See if I have any other ideas.
David Mendenhall: Well, can't cast any spells with a verbal component, that's for sure.
David Mendenhall: You can drop.
Wade: the silence.
David Mendenhall: Nope.
David Mendenhall: I need that.
Wade: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Keeping me alive.
Wade: I mean, if no sound can be created, I guess you don't want to smash it.
David Mendenhall: I don't even know what I would smash it with.
David Mendenhall: I'd have to, like, force it.
Kostadis Roussos: With adapter, like… Yes.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you roll high enough.
David Mendenhall: What skill is that?
Kostadis Roussos: A sleight of hands?
David Mendenhall: Oh, it's sleight of Hand?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but don't forget you have that plus 10.
David Mendenhall: I got a ton.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you use… are you using your plus 10 to augment it?
Kostadis Roussos: You have a… you have the… Do you have Bardic inspiration.
David Mendenhall: Oh, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: But, like, you can augment it.
David Mendenhall: I gotta remember how that…
David Mendenhall: Only if I fail a D20 test.
David Mendenhall: Then I can add…
David Mendenhall: Hey, sure, why not? Might as well go for it.
David Mendenhall: Alright, so 13.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you successfully managed to pry open the, the.
Wade: There are…
Kostadis Roussos: the drawer. It wasn't… The Falcon never thought anyone would actually go into his room and actually steal something.
David Mendenhall: I didn't steal anything!
Wade: He's just exploring.
David Mendenhall: He's saying it's, like, DC12 or something like that, yeah, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: It's like, he's just sort of, you know, so you look inside.
Kostadis Roussos: And there you find a small iron box in the shape of a dragon's head.
Kostadis Roussos: It has a small… A small,
Kostadis Roussos: You know, key worries if you…
Wade: wind up key.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, wind up queue, that's what I'm going for.
Wade: Whatever.
David Mendenhall: You mean it's like a toy, like, you wind it up and it makes dragon sounds or something? It's a music box?
Kostadis Roussos: You don't know, you'd have to turn it.
Wade: He won't hear it.
David Mendenhall: Well, I guess we're silenced.
David Mendenhall: Sure, why not?
David Mendenhall: Let's play the game.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you rotate the, the key, and then the dragon's head
Kostadis Roussos: The dragon's head opens its jaw, right?
David Mendenhall: And out of its jaw.
Kostadis Roussos: a… What is it, what was it?
Kostadis Roussos: A brass ring with the lightning… word lightning carved in… Elvish and Sylvan's script.
David Mendenhall: Okay, so we've got a ring, we've got wooden elvenirs, we've got a labyrinth under Waterdeep.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Right.
Wade: You'll definitely be able to solve this mystery.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so those are… so those are the four, sort of, like, interesting items you've found.
David Mendenhall: Alright, I think that's good. Let's try to put everything back. Of course, he's gonna notice that his lock's been smashed, but nothing's been taken.
Wade: In fact, you lift something behind.
Kostadis Roussos: You could leave a little money behind for you with a note saying for the damages.
David Mendenhall: No, that's alright. I don't really like him.
Kostadis Roussos: We don't really like him?
David Mendenhall: No, but I'm gonna pretend to like him, because I want everyone to be friends with me.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll a… So Duplicitous, but not a thief. Roll, roll a history check.
David Mendenhall: History, another history check.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: And I guess another bardic inspiration.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you wash.
David Mendenhall: Well, I don't think Bardic Inspiration's gonna…
Wade: That one. Oof.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, there was a whole bunch of lore you were about to discover about the ring, but you don't. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Fuck.
David Mendenhall: Thank you, dude.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just joking.
David Mendenhall: Oops.
Kostadis Roussos: Other… other people can inspect the ring.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you leaving the ring?
David Mendenhall: You're saying if I, if I, if I were to take it with me?
Wade: Gonna take it.
David Mendenhall: I'm not gonna do that. That would… that would be what the common thief would do.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, do you want to take any notes about the ring?
David Mendenhall: Oh, yeah, lots of notes, you know, when I get back to the guest house, I pull out my quill and my paper, and then I write a poem about the wonders of the dragon horde.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And…
David Mendenhall: pictures and sketches and everything I can remember.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and one more detail.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you roll a… I guess, is there, like, some…
David Mendenhall: Performance checking on that… I should not move… I need to move you, not him. Performance move.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, performance… well, I don't know, what would be… sleight of hands, stealth, I don't know, something for how well you do your drawing.
David Mendenhall: Oh…
Wade: Hmm…
Kostadis Roussos: Because it was kind of…
David Mendenhall: Or probably performance.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, performance.
Wade: Artistic, yeah.
David Mendenhall: I'm gonna… I'm gonna… I'm gonna add some verdict inspiration to that one.
David Mendenhall: 11.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you have enough of something that people would recognize, and with the disadvantage, they could get some significant lore.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: But you did not get,
Kostadis Roussos: You did not get a precise, you know, perfect picture of it.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you draw the other ones as well, I presume?
Kostadis Roussos: Sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Were all of them represented.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, as much detail as I can remember.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: You do… you do remember one additional detail. As you were kind of inspecting it and trying to, you know, put it into memory and draw the artistic thing, you do notice that on the chain that holds the ears, there's sort of a… my dearly beloved kind of.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: That kind of makes you wonder what exactly is going on here. And.
Wade: Does he have a suitor.
Kostadis Roussos: And then the dragon head looks remarkably realistic.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, it's not just, you know, some, like…
David Mendenhall: It might actually be the dragon in miniature form.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, it's sort of, like, very oddly… realistic.
Kostadis Roussos: More so than such a toy mechanism you've seen in the past. Perhaps some magic was put to use, or who knows what.
David Mendenhall: 19 Arcana.
Kostadis Roussos: On what? On the…
David Mendenhall: I'm the miniaturized dragon.
Kostadis Roussos: The miniaturized dragon. Well…
Kostadis Roussos: As you inspect… so as you inspect the miniaturized dragon, you realize that it isn't the dragon itself.
Kostadis Roussos: But if it isn't, it is a remarkably anatomically correct version of its head.
Kostadis Roussos: It's almost as if someone cut off its head, shrunk it down to size.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: And keeps it inside of his closet as some kind of reminder or a memento.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll a history check.
David Mendenhall: Another track.
David Mendenhall: 13.
Kostadis Roussos: So the best we've been able to figure out from these investigations is that Falcon the Hunters had some kind of relationship to the person who had the ears. Now, you don't understand why somebody would keep ears around, but, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: Lots of different cultures.
Kostadis Roussos: Who are you to judge? Blah blah blah, right?
Kostadis Roussos: The dragon head was interesting.
Kostadis Roussos: But what you do… but what you're speculating… what you think is that there might… that ring must be from the dragon horde.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, that seems to make sense.
Kostadis Roussos: But the falcon… the best guess is whoever these ears belonged to was hurt by the dragon, and the way for him to torment the dragon is to shove a piece of his hoard in his mouth forever.
David Mendenhall: Oh, that's an interesting theory.
Wade: Run your treasure kind of thing.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? In other words, that he sort of took the head, miniaturized it, and shoved a coin as sort of a way to shove it to the dragon.
David Mendenhall: So this was just a gold ring with elvish…
David Mendenhall: Some writing on it, the lightning.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, the word lightning, I would surname,
Kostadis Roussos: Valpine would have translated it for you.
Kostadis Roussos: you do make an interesting connection to all of the… to the last… that… remember how you met those two orcs, shaman orcs, who were related to the god of Talos and Lightning?
David Mendenhall: We also… when we went to the lighthouse, the lighthouse was dedicated to the god Talos.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, that was the other shaman. We've met two shamans right now, half-orc shamans.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, forgot to tell you what color the dragon is.
Kostadis Roussos: It was a blue dragon.
David Mendenhall: Hmm…
Wade: More lightnings.
David Mendenhall: More lightning. Also, Orcic killed a blue dragon.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: sent it… forced a Blue Dragon to go make an infernal pact.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, so there's your… there… there's… so what's your…
David Mendenhall: Okay, I hope this will all be written in the summary, because I'm not going to remember all.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm not… yeah, and I'm very happy that I'm recording all of this, because, you know.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, you're gonna have to write it all down.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Wade: Got a lot.
Kostadis Roussos: So, what you did was you discovered a
Kostadis Roussos: miniaturized dragon head with a ring that had, in Elvis the word lightning.
Kostadis Roussos: Probably some weird… Memento, you're thinking.
Kostadis Roussos: Probably some vengeful vindictiveness by shoving the ring inside the mouth.
Kostadis Roussos: And at the same time, you do know that there seems to be a resurgence of, the… the evil god, Talos.
Kostadis Roussos: And there's shamans in the area.
Kostadis Roussos: And you do recall that he wanted you to get rid of some half-orcs.
Kostadis Roussos: In the woodland mans.
David Mendenhall: The… the hunter did.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, he wanted us to go down that orc quest, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. And, you know, you're beginning to sense that he might have a thing against people who, you know, deal with lightning.
Wade: Pisses.
David Mendenhall: He's opposed to the god Talos.
Kostadis Roussos: Or, it might be much more personal than that.
David Mendenhall: Mmm… Well, I think this was a pretty successful reconnaissance mission.
Wade: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Got lucky with some rolls, really only one bad roll.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? I mean…
David Mendenhall: Yeah, could've gone much worse.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. I mean, in the…
David Mendenhall: all worked.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, in the morning.
Kostadis Roussos: The falcon hunter discovers his… broken…
David Mendenhall: Hmm…
Kostadis Roussos: broken, thing, drawer or whatever. Drawer, drawer or whatever.
David Mendenhall: Looks inside of it, is frantically, notices that everything is…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, roll your perform… roll your stealth to see how… whether… how you… how close you got everything back to where it was.
David Mendenhall: One more roll, huh?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Oh, boy.
David Mendenhall: 8…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, he definitely notices that things were moved around, which confuses him even more.
Kostadis Roussos: Nice.
Wade: Who does this?
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so he,
David Mendenhall: Who looks in the drawer and doesn't take the treasure?
Wade: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Do such a thing!
Wade: Wait a minute, I've got that non-treasure havoc guy in our midst.
David Mendenhall: Maybe he should roll his perception and see if he figures out the puzzle.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no, no, no, he has comes to a very different conclusion.
Kostadis Roussos: When you arrive all for breakfast in the morning, the falcon, says.
Kostadis Roussos: looks at the four of you and says, The cult of Talos.
Kostadis Roussos: Came into my house.
Kostadis Roussos: to steal… To steal the artifact.
Kostadis Roussos: Yet they did not steal it.
David Mendenhall: Artifact?
Kostadis Roussos: He pulls out the ring, and he says, This is from Imrith's hoard.
David Mendenhall: Amarith.
Wade: Yes. Welcome back. Imrith's horde.
Kostadis Roussos: the clerics of Talos.
Kostadis Roussos: view the… view the doom of the desert as one of the favorite of Talos, and want any piece of that gold, of that treasure hoard for themselves as a sacrifice, an offering to Talos.
Kostadis Roussos: But the fools did not know how to manipulate the machinery that would cause the dragon head to spit it out.
David Mendenhall: Oh, okay.
David Mendenhall: He thinks… he thinks that I have not seen the ring. I got it.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. He, he's, he's like… so he's like, this ring belonged to Imrith's horde.
David Mendenhall: Wow. Can… can we see it?
Kostadis Roussos: he goes, yes, but I want it back.
David Mendenhall: Oh, yeah, of course, of course, I just, you know, never seen an artifact from a dragon horde before.
Kostadis Roussos: E.
David Mendenhall: 24 deception.
Wade: I think you fooled him.
Kostadis Roussos: As you, you, you absolutely, I mean… and that is with your silver tongue effect?
Wade: It's a.
David Mendenhall: Well, I didn't need it. I think I rolled a 19.
Wade: It's a natural 20, it's green.
David Mendenhall: No, I got a natural 20.
Wade: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so you just, like, nailed it, right? Okay, so he's… you completely nailed it. He's believing anything you want to tell him, so tell him what you want. So you've never seen a dragon horde, is that where you're going? Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: You are able to pick up the ring and hand it… Too lonely.
David Mendenhall: We should pass it around, you know, I want to improve my picture, right? Remember, my picture wasn't very good?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, so I will assume that now you can improve it, so you're in daylight, you notice the imperfections, and you create a faithful reproduction.
Kostadis Roussos: Falcon, the falcon hunter picks up the ring, and says…
Kostadis Roussos: Imrith, and he pauses, and he says.
Kostadis Roussos: Imrith was, my party… my… when I was an adventurer, we faced Imrith.
Kostadis Roussos: I was the only one to escape, and when I heard she was dead, I had to go and see for myself, and I made it to her…
Kostadis Roussos: horde, where… Her body wasn't found, and most of her hoard had been plundered.
Kostadis Roussos: And dragon bodies and corpses were all littered across the floors and fields.
Kostadis Roussos: But I did find this ring among all of… all of the treasure.
David Mendenhall: I thought that he used his share of the Dragonhorde to build this whole…
Kostadis Roussos: Wait, you can ask him now.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes.
David Mendenhall: Was that the dragon horde you used to build this lodge?
Kostadis Roussos: aliens over… I got a reputation to maintain.
David Mendenhall: I guess I'm just not following. He got the money from somewhere.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, he goes, I did… well, okay, so what happened was I showed up at Imrith's hoard. Everybody had gone, everybody had debt, everybody had stolen, but there was enough, you know, bits and pieces of gold for me to get enough money to build this.
David Mendenhall: So there was still enough.
Wade: Dragonhords are huge, right? It'd probably take days to clear it all out.
Kostadis Roussos: And he goes, and it wasn't that they were… it's like, I don't need that much money to build a place like this. I just needed, you know, a bit of money to buy some land out in the middle of nowhere.
David Mendenhall: It's really just seed capital, is… that's all we're looking for here, right?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes.
David Mendenhall: This is not the D round. This is, you know…
Wade: Angel investment.
David Mendenhall: This is angel investment territory.
Kostadis Roussos: No, this is friends and family. This is your mom, this is your friend. This is friends, this is pre-Angel, it's friends and family. That's right.
Kostadis Roussos: He's like, look, I've been working at this place for 20 years. I mean, I've built this place up. I, I, I, yeah, I found a little bit of cash there.
Kostadis Roussos: But you can't tell anybody that I didn't actually face a dragon?
David Mendenhall: Oh, your secret's safe with me. I gotta butter him up a little bit. I… you know, after… after what happened yesterday, I gotta get him back on my side. Need more friends.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, do a persuasion.
David Mendenhall: Sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Why not? I'm just… I just want to see if you get the 20.
Wade: Hey, buddy.
David Mendenhall: 23.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you don't quite get the nap.
David Mendenhall: I'm not a natural 20.
Kostadis Roussos: So he's starting to see that, you know, you're not a bad guy.
David Mendenhall: I just had a bad day yesterday.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, he realizes that you had a bad day, you know, he actually appreciates your integrity and your honesty now.
David Mendenhall: And your willingness… and your willingness to… to stand on your principles still doesn't agree with them, but it says, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: And he goes, look, I didn't… this… it was there. There was… there was… I… I was a bit of a scavenger. I…
Kostadis Roussos: Was looking for something…
Kostadis Roussos: For without no closure, and I found the ring, and I found a few scattered coins that nobody would go missing.
David Mendenhall: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And I use that to buy this land, so yes, I'm…
Kostadis Roussos: I'm a bit of a fake. Now, you have to understand, it's good for business for people to think that I faced a dragon and defeated it and stole its horde, right?
Kostadis Roussos: It kind of goes with the whole…
David Mendenhall: It'd be good for business.
Kostadis Roussos: It goes… like, Falcon the Hunter who stole what was left over from the Dragon Horde does not sound as…
Kostadis Roussos: Composing as Falcon the Hunter, Killer of dragons…
Wade: It's a lot more honest, though.
Kostadis Roussos: I agree, but…
David Mendenhall: process.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Wade: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, some of you, you're absolutely right, but I'm trying to run a business here. This is… there's a… people come here because they want to…
David Mendenhall: They're paying for fantasy.
Kostadis Roussos: They come here.
Wade: Because of the location, and the food is good.
David Mendenhall: In the fantasy of dining with a dragon slayer.
Wade: Right? Yes, exactly, and then they feel safe.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, we came here. We came here because there was promise of good wine, right? Like, for a brewberry? Yes, yes.
David Mendenhall: That's a reason, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: I was just saying, there's other reasons people come here.
David Mendenhall: Sure. It's like Disneyland. You can go there for lots of different reasons.
Kostadis Roussos: for life.
David Mendenhall: Some people like the rides, some people like the characters.
Wade: I hate having money.
David Mendenhall: Oops on Main Street.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, he explains that the kind of clientele that he likes, that attracts… there's a kind of clientele that wants to hang out with the Falcon, the hunter, and hear about his hunts, and the dragon horde, and the dragon that he faced.
David Mendenhall: Interesting.
David Mendenhall: He might have a silver tongue of his own, although…
Kostadis Roussos: Exactly.
Wade: Is he part bard? Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, he's just trying to explain that there's… you know, it's not… it's not… I don't… he goes, I don't… I don't have your silvery tongue, Luprid in. But, you know, when people are here, they… they want to believe.
David Mendenhall: Makes it easier.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? That when they've paid money to come see me, and they've heard my story, they don't want to be… know that the story's fake, they want to believe the story.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, the Winchester Mystery House.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, can we, can we, can we keep that story between ourselves, Vucra Din?
Kostadis Roussos: And blueberries.
David Mendenhall: I don't have any problem with that.
Kostadis Roussos: And Valfini, and Soma.
Wade: I have… I have no reason to rat them out.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Wade: I really agree with it, but it's not my place to intervene there.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay.
David Mendenhall: I assume Valfine would see it as a totally normal thing to do.
Kostadis Roussos: The Valfinha is very impressed.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: She's like.
David Mendenhall: Perfectly, perfectly normal.
Kostadis Roussos: This is, like… she's actually feeling a little bit disappointed that she didn't think of this as a…
David Mendenhall: Any business opportunities.
Wade: Genius.
Kostadis Roussos: No, more of, like, why she didn't pick up on this immediately. Like, of course this would be the case. A single ranger who has a dragon horde? That makes no sense.
David Mendenhall: Alright. Alright.
Wade: Dragon Horror Hoard as we'.
David Mendenhall: Sounds like that was a successful outing. We all got long-rested, and we can move on with our lives, too.
Kostadis Roussos: To the, the…
David Mendenhall: To the next destination. We gotta deliver the goods, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, alright, so we can save that for next week.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so I'm probably going to meet in 2 weeks, next week. I'll send a new.
David Mendenhall: I couldn't…
Kostadis Roussos: I'll send a note if next week's gonna happen, but I'm gonna be in India, so I have no.
David Mendenhall: Election Day.
Kostadis Roussos: Which one?
David Mendenhall: November 4th. It's Election Day.
Kostadis Roussos: The U.S?
David Mendenhall: Yeah, did you not take the ballot? You didn't…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yeah.
Wade: I mean, it's local election, not federal or anything.
Kostadis Roussos: I voted for my… I voted, I just… because I did via mail-in, I don't actually know the date, that's all.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm sorry, I…
David Mendenhall: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: I made sure to submit my paperwork, you know, get… And…
David Mendenhall: Right, see you then.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright guys, I'll send a note, I'll send a note next week, about us possibly meeting.
Kostadis Roussos: You're gonna be… you're gonna be in India, right?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm not going.
David Mendenhall: I had to cancel.
Wade: Why's that?
David Mendenhall: I don't want to get into it.
Wade: Alright, sorry.
Wade: None of our business, got it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, hey, okay, well, I'm glad we stuck around and had a little bit of fun.
David Mendenhall: That's good. Thanks.
Kostadis Roussos: Take care, take care, bye-bye.
Wade: Good night.